Add Library Reference placeholder page (#821)
gruntwork-io/docs: _docs-sources/iac/reference/index.md

# Library Reference

> The Library Reference serves as the definitive source for all of the Modules and Services within the Gruntwork Infrastructure as Code Library. This comprehensive reference provides a dedicated page for each module and service providing descriptions, detailed information on input and output variables, and sample code to help you get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Library Reference serves as the definitive source for all actively maintained Modules and Services within the Gruntwork Infrastructure as Code Library. This comprehensive reference provides a dedicated page for each module and service providing descriptions, detailed information on input and output variables, and sample code to help you get started.
```

Suggestion based on the fact that some customers have access to deprecated modules that do not show up within References.

> The Library Reference serves as the definitive source for all of the Modules and Services within the Gruntwork Infrastructure as Code Library. This comprehensive reference provides a dedicated page for each module and service providing descriptions, detailed information on input and output variables, and sample code to help you get started.

Reviewer 2: "definitive source" sounds strange to me. Maybe definitive reference? index? documentation? IDK, words are hard

Author: I think `index` does sound better. Reading it back to myself, `source` would not be the right word anyway as GitHub is really the definitive source here, and I think it sounds a bit odd stating reference again.

`The Library Reference serves as the definitive index for all of the Modules and Services...` seems to work
